This is just a quick video showing you how sometimes when you use composer, some of the file imports
can get messed up inside of your TypeScript server.
You can see here, for example we have this at components slash welcome message.
Now we can clearly see that the welcome message does exist inside of this components folder.
Yet we're still getting a cannot find module error inside of the TypeScript server.
What you can do is when you've built a lot of files or folders using composer, restart your TypeScript
server.
Then you can actually find out what are the true errors inside of your project.
You don't have to close cursor or VS code to do this.
You can actually do this inside of cursor.
So just hit Command shift P or Control shift P on windows.
Then you can type TypeScript.
Then just hit enter on your keyboard which will restart the TypeScript server.
And now you can see that that error message has gone away.
And welcome message did actually exist inside of the application.
You'll want to do this when you create a lot of files in composer to really figure out which modules
are actually giving you errors.
Cool.
I'll see you in the next video.